sapphire: initial notes on authenticated calls & contract authentication (#476)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/dapp/sapphire/authentication.md

---
description: Authenticate users with your confidential contracts
---

# View-Call Authentication

> User impersonation on Ethereum and other 'Transparent EVMs' isn't a problem because everybody can see all data, however with the Sapphire confidential EVM it is necessary to prevent contracts from revealing confidential information to the wrong person - for this reason we cannot allow arbitrary impersonation of any `msg.sender`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
User impersonation on Ethereum and other 'Transparent EVMs' isn't a problem because **everyone** can see **all** data; however the Sapphire confidential EVM prevents contracts from revealing confidential information to the wrong party (account or contract) - for this reason we cannot allow arbitrary impersonation of any `msg.sender`.
```

> There are four types of contract calls:

Reviewer: Love this clear outline!

 1. Contract to Contract calls
 2. Unauthenticted view calls (Queries)
 3. Authenticated view calls (Signed Queries)
 4. Transactions (authenticated by signature)

By default all `eth_call` queries used to invoke contract functions have the `msg.sender` parameter is set to `address(0x0)`. And when a transaction is submitted it is signed by a keypair (thus costs gas and can make state updates) the `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account.

Intra-contract calls always set `msg.sender` appropriately, if a contract calls another contract in a way which could reveal sensitive information, the calling contract must implement access control or authentication.

## Sapphire Wrapper

The Ethereum provider wrapper provided by the [@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime) `sapphire.wrap` function will automatically end-to-end encrypt calldata when interacting with contracts on Sapphire, this is an easy way to ensure the calldata of your dApp transactions remain confidential - although the `from`, `to`, and `gasprice` parameters are not encrypted.

> However, once the Sapphire wrapper is requested to sign a transaction (thus attaching the provider to a signer, or converting it into one) then subsequent `view` calls via `eth_call` will be automatically signed, these are called 'Signed Queries' meaning `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account. This may not be an ideal user experience and can result in frequent pop-ups requesting they sign queries which wouldn't normally require any interaction on Transparent EVMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, once the Sapphire wrapper is requested to sign a transaction (thus attaching the provider to a signer, or converting it into one) then subsequent `view` calls via `eth_call` will be automatically signed, these are called 'Signed Queries' meaning `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account. This may add friction to the end user experience and can result in frequent pop-ups requesting they sign queries which wouldn't normally require any interaction on Transparent EVMs.
```

---
description: Authenticate users with your confidential contracts
---

# View-Call Authentication

> User impersonation on Ethereum and other 'Transparent EVMs' isn't a problem because **everybody** can see **all** data however the Sapphire confidential EVM prevents contracts from revealing confidential information to the wrong party (account or contract) - for this reason we cannot allow arbitrary impersonation of any `msg.sender`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
User impersonation on Ethereum and other "Transparent EVMs" isn't a problem because **everybody** can see **all** data however the Sapphire confidential EVM prevents contracts from revealing confidential information to the wrong party (account or contract) - for this reason we cannot allow arbitrary impersonation of any `msg.sender`.
```

Reviewer 2: Personally, I would also split this into two or three sentences.

Author: I would put a comma before "however" which, when used with the "-", breaks the sentence into logical chunks. I will leave this for now.

There are four types of contract calls:

>  1. Contract to Contract calls

Reviewer 2: This is internal call right?

```suggestion
 1. Contract to Contract calls (also known as *internal calls*)
```

>  2. Unauthenticted view calls (Queries)

Reviewer 2: This is `eth_call` right?

```suggestion
 2. Unauthenticted view calls (Queries using `eth_call`)
```

 3. Authenticated view calls (Signed Queries)
 4. Transactions (authenticated by signature)

By default all `eth_call` queries used to invoke contract functions have the `msg.sender` parameter is set to `address(0x0)`. And when a transaction is submitted it is signed by a keypair (thus costs gas and can make state updates) the `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account.

> Intra-contract calls always set `msg.sender` appropriately, if a contract calls another contract in a way which could reveal sensitive information, the calling contract must implement access control or authentication.

Reviewer 2: I would move this chapter above to follow the 1., 2., 3., 4. order. Also, split to two sentences.

## Sapphire Wrapper

> The Ethereum provider wrapper provided by the [@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime) `sapphire.wrap` function will automatically end-to-end encrypt calldata when interacting with contracts on Sapphire, this is an easy way to ensure the calldata of your dApp transactions remain confidential - although the `from`, `to`, and `gasprice` parameters are not encrypted.

Reviewer 2: Please use indirect referencing of URLs at the end of the subchapter. Also split this into more sentences.

> However, once the Sapphire wrapper is requested to sign a transaction (thus attaching the provider to a signer, or converting it into one) then subsequent `view` calls via `eth_call` will be automatically signed, these are called 'Signed Queries' meaning `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account. This may not be an ideal user experience and can result in frequent pop-ups requesting they sign queries which wouldn't normally require any interaction on Transparent EVMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, once the Sapphire wrapper has been used to sign a transaction (thus attaching the provider to a signer, or converting it into one), then subsequent `view` calls via `eth_call` will be automatically signed, these are called 'Signed Queries' meaning `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account. This may not be an ideal user experience and can result in frequent pop-ups requesting they sign queries which wouldn't normally require any interaction on Transparent EVMs.
```

> However, if the Sapphire wrapper has been attached to a signer then subsequent `view` calls via `eth_call` will be request that the user sign them (e.g. a MetaMask popup), these are called 'Signed Queries' meaning `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account and can be used for authentication or to implement access control. This may add friction to the end-user experience and can result in frequent pop-ups requesting they sign queries which wouldn't normally require any interaction on Transparent EVMs.

Reviewer 2: `view` -> view

> ```solidity

Reviewer 2: For nicer flow, something like this?

```suggestion

Let's see how Sapphire interprets different contract calls. Suppose the following solidity code:

```solidity
```

contract Example {
    address owner;
    constructor () {
        owner = msg.sender;
    }
    function isOwner () public view returns (bool) {
        return msg.sender == owner;
    }
}
```

In the sample above, assuming we're calling from the same contract or account which created the contract, calling `isOwner` will return:

>  * `false`, for `eth_call`

Reviewer 2: I would stress out that it's an unsigned eth_call?

```suggestion
 * `false`, for unauthenticated `eth_call`
```

Author: I will leave this as is, it's normal `eth_call` without `sapphire.wrap`. whereas the others are explicitly noted as via `sapphire.wrap` or via a contract.

 * `false`, with `sapphire.wrap` but without an attached signer
 * `true`, with `sapphire.wrap` and an attached signer
 * `true`, if called via the contract which created it

> 

Reviewer 2: Did you deliberately skip the transaction behavior? (bullet 4. above)

```suggestion
* `true`, if called via transaction

```

## Sign-in with EIP-712

> One strategy which can be used to reduce the number of transaction signing prompts when a user interacts with contracts via a dApp is to use [EIP-712](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712) to 'Sign-in' once per day (or per-session), in combination with using two wrapped providers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
One strategy which can be used to reduce the number of transaction signing prompts when a user interacts with contracts via a dApp is to use [EIP-712](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712) to "Sign-in" once per day (or per-session), in combination with using two wrapped providers:
```

>  1. Provider to perform encrypted but unauthenticated view calls

Reviewer: Hmm, maybe having two providers is not as cool as one provider, or overloading a method.

Author: If a contract is attached to a signer then the first time a view function is called it will request the user sign it. Currently this is unavoidable as the contract bindings are generated by typechain.

So you need a provider which doesn't have a signer to be able to query contracts without constantly popping-up MetaMask windows. This is in the context of a complex dApp which has many view calls and changes their parameters often (so low cache hit ratio) where the view calls would need to be authenticated.

Author: Have been using the two-provider model successfully in my webauthn dapp.

>  1. Provider to perform encrypted but unauthenticated view calls

Reviewer 2: The encrypted and unauthenticated combination is interesting. I would put something like this above after the first paragraph (ending with "from, to, and gasprice parameters are not encrypted") in the Sapphire Wrapper subchapter:

```
:::tip Unauthenticated calls and Encryption

Although the calls may be unauthenticated, they can still be encrypted!

:::
```

 2. Another provider to perform encrypted and authenticated transactions (or view calls)
    - The user will be prompted to sign each action.

> The two-provider pattern, in conjunction with a daily EIP-712 sign-in prompt ensures all transactions are end-to-end encrypted and the contract can authenticate users in view calls without frequent annoying popups.

Reviewer 2: Huh, is this orthogonal to https://github.com/oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime/pull/100 ?

> The code sample below uses an `authenticated` modifier to verify the sign-in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The code sample below uses an `authenticated` modifier to verify the sign-in:
```

```solidity
// SPDX-License-Identifier: UNLICENSED
pragma solidity ^0.8.0;

struct SignatureRSV {
    bytes32 r;
    bytes32 s;
    uint256 v;
}

contract SignInExample {
    bytes32 public constant EIP712_DOMAIN_TYPEHASH = keccak256("EIP712Domain(string name,string version,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)");
    string public constant SIGNIN_TYPE = "SignIn(address user, uint32 time)";
    bytes32 public constant SIGNIN_TYPEHASH = keccak256(bytes(SIGNIN_TYPE));
    bytes32 public immutable DOMAIN_SEPARATOR;

    constructor () {

>         DOMAIN_SEPARATOR = keccak256(abi.encode(

Reviewer 2: Should the format match https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712#definition-of-domainseparator ? If so, `name` should concatenate/hash both EIP712_DOMAIN_TYPEHASH and SignInExample.SignIn and there missing salt at the end? Anyway, I wouldn't mind having a comment for DOMAIN_SEPARATOR here or above ;)

Author: This code was copied from a working example which I know works correctly with MetaMask.

I didn't realize you could include a salt parameter. This may be useful in future, but its uses are limited as the chain id and contract address are already included (this complicates the example more than necessary)

            EIP712_DOMAIN_TYPEHASH,
            keccak256("Example.SignIn"),
            keccak256("1"),
            block.chainid,
            address(this)
        ));
    }

    struct SignIn {
        address user;
        uint32 time;
        SignatureRSV rsv;
    }

    modifier authenticated(SignIn calldata auth)
    {

>         // Must be signed within 24 hours ago

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Must be signed within 24 hours ago.
```

        require( auth.time > (block.timestamp - (60*60*24)) );

>         // Validate EIP-712 sign-in authentication

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Validate EIP-712 sign-in authentication.
```

        bytes32 authdataDigest = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(
            "\x19\x01",
            DOMAIN_SEPARATOR,
            keccak256(abi.encode(
                SIGNIN_TYPEHASH,
                auth.user,
                auth.time
            ))
        ));

        require( auth.user == ecrecover(authdataDigest, uint8(auth.rsv.v), auth.rsv.r, auth.rsv.s), "Invalid Sign-In" );

        _;
    }

    function authenticatedViewCall(
        SignIn calldata auth,
        ... args
    )
        external view
        authenticated(auth)
        returns (bytes memory output)
    {
        // Use `auth.user` instead of `msg.sender`
    }
}
```

> Then the frontend dApp can request the user to sign-in using EIP-712, you may wish to add additional parameters which are authenticated such as the domain name. The following code example uses Ethers:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the above contract code deployed, let's look at the frontend dApp how it can request the user to sign-in using EIP-712. You may wish to add additional parameters which are authenticated such as the domain name. The following code example uses Ethers:
```

```typescript
const time = new Date().getTime();
const user = await eth.signer.getAddress();

// Ask user to 'Sign-In' every 24 hours
const signature = await eth.signer._signTypedData({

>     name: "Example.SignIn",

Reviewer 2: Name should probably match the contract name + some method I suppose?

```suggestion
    name: "SignInExample.SignIn",
```

    version: "1",
    chainId: import.meta.env.CHAINID,
    verifyingContract: contract.address
}, {
    SignIn: [
        { name: 'user', type: "address" },
        { name: 'time', type: 'uint32' },
    ]
}, {

>     user: user,

Reviewer: 🤔This is probably better or more explicit than:
```suggestion
    user,
```

    time: time
});
const rsv = ethers.utils.splitSignature(signature);
const auth = {user, time, rsv};

> // TODO: cache the result

Reviewer: If the TODO is for us, then I'd say that I'm okay with leaving this to the dev and find caching to be a reasonable ask.

Author: It is for the developer to figure out a way to cache the result that works for their specific app/framework.

> // Then in future, authenticated view calls can be performed using the authenticated data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Then in future, authenticated view calls can be performed passing auth without further user interaction.
```

---
description: Authenticate users with your confidential contracts
---

# View-Call Authentication

User impersonation on Ethereum and other "Transparent EVMs" isn't a problem
because **everybody** can see **all** data however the Sapphire confidential
EVM prevents contracts from revealing confidential information to the wrong
party (account or contract) - for this reason we cannot allow arbitrary
impersonation of any `msg.sender`.

> There are four types of contract calls:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In Sapphire, there are four types of contract calls:
```

>  1. Contract to Contract calls (also known as *internal calls*)

Reviewer 2: I don't see a reason for capitalization.

```suggestion
 1. Contract to contract calls (also known as *internal calls*)
```

>  2. Unauthenticted view calls (Queries using `eth_call`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 2. Unauthenticted view calls (queries using `eth_call`)
```

>  3. Authenticated view calls (Signed Queries)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 3. Authenticated view calls (signed queries)
```

 4. Transactions (authenticated by signature)

Intra-contract calls always set `msg.sender` appropriately, if a contract calls
another contract in a way which could reveal sensitive information, the calling
contract must implement access control or authentication.

> By default all `eth_call` queries used to invoke contract functions have the

Reviewer 2: By default? I don't think you can easily change this behavior in Sapphire so I would remove "By default".

> `msg.sender` parameter is set to `address(0x0)`. And when a transaction is

Reviewer 2: What about signed queries?

```suggestion
`msg.sender` parameter set to `address(0x0)`. In contrast, authenticated calls are
signed by a keypair and will have the `msg.sender` parameter correctly initialized
(more on that later). Also, when a transaction is
```

submitted it is signed by a keypair (thus costs gas and can make state updates)

> the `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and the `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account.
```

## Sapphire Wrapper

> The Ethereum provider wrapper provided by the [@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime][sp-npm]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime][sp-npm] Ethereum provider wrapper
```

> `sapphire.wrap` function will automatically end-to-end encrypt calldata when

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`sapphire.wrap` function will **automatically end-to-end encrypt calldata** when
```

interacting with contracts on Sapphire, this is an easy way to ensure the
calldata of your dApp transactions remain confidential - although the `from`,
`to`, and `gasprice` parameters are not encrypted.

[sp-npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime

:::tip Unauthenticated calls and Encryption

Although the calls may be unauthenticated, they can still be encrypted!

:::

However, if the Sapphire wrapper has been attached to a signer then subsequent

> view calls via `eth_call` will be request that the user sign them (e.g. a

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
view calls via `eth_call` will request that the user signs them (e.g. a
```

> MetaMask popup), these are called "Signed Queries" meaning `msg.sender` will be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
MetaMask popup), these are called **signed queries** meaning `msg.sender` will be
```

set to the signing account and can be used for authentication or to implement
access control. This may add friction to the end-user experience and can result
in frequent pop-ups requesting they sign queries which wouldn't normally require
any interaction on Transparent EVMs.

Let's see how Sapphire interprets different contract calls. Suppose the
following solidity code:

```solidity
contract Example {
    address owner;
    constructor () {
        owner = msg.sender;
    }
    function isOwner () public view returns (bool) {
        return msg.sender == owner;
    }
}
```

In the sample above, assuming we're calling from the same contract or account
which created the contract, calling `isOwner` will return:

 * `false`, for `eth_call`
 * `false`, with `sapphire.wrap` but without an attached signer
 * `true`, with `sapphire.wrap` and an attached signer
 * `true`, if called via the contract which created it
* `true`, if called via transaction

## Caching Signed Queries

> When using "Signed Queries" the blockchain will be queried each time, however

Reviewer 2: Let's not overemphasize the "signed query" term ;)

```suggestion
When using signed queries the blockchain will be queried each time, however
```

the Sapphire wrapper will cache signatures for signed queries with the same
parameters to avoid asking the user to sign the same thing multiple times.

Behind the scenes the signed queries use a "leash" to specify validity conditions
so the query can only be performed within a block and account `nonce` range.

> These parameters are visible in the EIP-712 popup signed by the user. Queries
> with the same parameters will use the same leash.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These parameters are visible in the [EIP-712][eip-712] popup signed by the user. **Queries
with the same parameters will use the same leash.**
```

Perhaps this would be a good place to have a screenshot of Metamask showing some EIP-712 content?

> ## Daily Sign-in with EIP-712

Reviewer 2: Titles are capitalized.

```suggestion
## Daily Sign-In with EIP-712
```

One strategy which can be used to reduce the number of transaction signing
prompts when a user interacts with contracts via a dApp is to use

> [EIP-712][eip-712] to "Sign-in" once per day (or per-session), in combination

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[EIP-712][eip-712] to "sign-in" once per day (or per-session), in combination
```

    )
        external view
        authenticated(auth)
        returns (bytes memory output)
    {
        // Use `auth.user` instead of `msg.sender`
    }
}
```

With the above contract code deployed, let's look at the frontend dApp and how
it can request the user to sign-in using EIP-712. You may wish to add additional
parameters which are authenticated such as the domain name. The following code
example uses Ethers:

```typescript
const time = new Date().getTime();
const user = await eth.signer.getAddress();

// Ask user to "Sign-In" every 24 hours
const signature = await eth.signer._signTypedData({
    name: "SignInExample.SignIn",
    version: "1",
    chainId: import.meta.env.CHAINID,
    verifyingContract: contract.address
}, {
    SignIn: [
        { name: 'user', type: "address" },
        { name: 'time', type: 'uint32' },
    ]
}, {
    user,
    time: time
});
const rsv = ethers.utils.splitSignature(signature);
const auth = {user, time, rsv};
// The `auth` variable can then be cached

// Then in future, authenticated view calls can be performed by
// passing auth without further user interaction authenticated data
await contract.authenticatedViewCall(auth, ...args);

> ```

Reviewer 2: Do we have a demo for this? https://github.com/CedarMist/otp-sapphire ? Ideally, a tutorial article like this would end with

```
:::info Example

You can download a full OTP example from the [Oasis Playground]
repository.

:::
```

Author: This is unrelated to OTP or WebAuthN, just that the same token can be re-used multiple times.

contract must implement access control or authentication.

By default all `eth_call` queries used to invoke contract functions have the
`msg.sender` parameter set to `address(0x0)`. In contrast, authenticated calls are
signed by a keypair and will have the `msg.sender` parameter correctly initialized
(more on that later). Also, when a transaction is
submitted it is signed by a keypair (thus costs gas and can make state updates)
and the `msg.sender` will be set to the signing account.

## Sapphire Wrapper

The [@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime][sp-npm] Ethereum provider wrapper
`sapphire.wrap` function will **automatically end-to-end encrypt calldata** when
interacting with contracts on Sapphire, this is an easy way to ensure the
calldata of your dApp transactions remain confidential - although the `from`,
`to`, and `gasprice` parameters are not encrypted.

[sp-npm]: https://www.npmjs.com/package/@oasisprotocol/sapphire-paratime

:::tip Unauthenticated calls and Encryption

Although the calls may be unauthenticated, they can still be encrypted!

:::

However, if the Sapphire wrapper has been attached to a signer then subsequent

> view calls via `eth_call` will request that the user signs them (e.g. a

Reviewer: (nit)

```suggestion
view calls via `eth_call` will request that the user sign them (e.g. a
```

any interaction on Transparent EVMs.

Let's see how Sapphire interprets different contract calls. Suppose the
following solidity code:

```solidity
contract Example {
    address owner;
    constructor () {
        owner = msg.sender;
    }
    function isOwner () public view returns (bool) {
        return msg.sender == owner;
    }
}
```

In the sample above, assuming we're calling from the same contract or account
which created the contract, calling `isOwner` will return:

 * `false`, for `eth_call`
 * `false`, with `sapphire.wrap` but without an attached signer
 * `true`, with `sapphire.wrap` and an attached signer
 * `true`, if called via the contract which created it
* `true`, if called via transaction

## Caching Signed Queries

When using signed queries the blockchain will be queried each time, however
the Sapphire wrapper will cache signatures for signed queries with the same
parameters to avoid asking the user to sign the same thing multiple times.

Behind the scenes the signed queries use a "leash" to specify validity conditions
so the query can only be performed within a block and account `nonce` range.

> These parameters are visible in the EIP-712 popup signed by the user. Queries

Reviewer 2: If the query is cached, then no user interaction is required? Where does EIP-712 popup then come from?

> These parameters are visible in the EIP-712 popup signed by the user. Queries

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These parameters are visible in the [EIP-712][eip-712] popup signed by the user. Queries
```

            EIP712_DOMAIN_TYPEHASH,
            keccak256("SignInExample.SignIn"),
            keccak256("1"),
            block.chainid,
            address(this)
        ));
    }

    struct SignIn {
        address user;
        uint32 time;
        SignatureRSV rsv;
    }

    modifier authenticated(SignIn calldata auth)
    {
        // Must be signed within 24 hours ago.
        require( auth.time > (block.timestamp - (60*60*24)) );

        // Validate EIP-712 sign-in authentication.
        bytes32 authdataDigest = keccak256(abi.encodePacked(
            "\x19\x01",
            DOMAIN_SEPARATOR,
            keccak256(abi.encode(
                SIGNIN_TYPEHASH,
                auth.user,
                auth.time
            ))
        ));

        address recovered_address = ecrecover(
            authdataDigest, uint8(auth.rsv.v), auth.rsv.r, auth.rsv.s);

        require( auth.user == recovered_address, "Invalid Sign-In" );

        _;
    }

    function authenticatedViewCall(
        SignIn calldata auth,
        ... args
    )
        external view
        authenticated(auth)
        returns (bytes memory output)
    {

>         // Use `auth.user` instead of `msg.sender`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        // Use `auth.user` instead of `msg.sender`!
```

    }
}
```

With the above contract code deployed, let's look at the frontend dApp and how
it can request the user to sign-in using EIP-712. You may wish to add additional
parameters which are authenticated such as the domain name. The following code
example uses Ethers:

```typescript
const time = new Date().getTime();
const user = await eth.signer.getAddress();

> // Ask user to "Sign-In" every 24 hours

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Ask user to "Sign-In" every 24 hours.
```

const signature = await eth.signer._signTypedData({
    name: "SignInExample.SignIn",
    version: "1",
    chainId: import.meta.env.CHAINID,
    verifyingContract: contract.address
}, {
    SignIn: [
        { name: 'user', type: "address" },
        { name: 'time', type: 'uint32' },
    ]
}, {
    user,
    time: time
});
const rsv = ethers.utils.splitSignature(signature);
const auth = {user, time, rsv};

> // The `auth` variable can then be cached

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// The `auth` variable can then be cached.
```

> // Then in future, authenticated view calls can be performed by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Then in the future, authenticated view calls can be performed by
```

> // passing auth without further user interaction authenticated data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// passing auth without further user interaction authenticated data.
```
